>>>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
back to another edition
of "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory, and we've
got a very fascinating program
for you tonight-- an the
Earth-energy catalyst.
Now, you might be seeing
what the heck is that?
Kelly S. Jones with us.
Kelly, what is that?
What's an Earth-energy catalyst?
>>KELLY S. JONES:
Well, I utilize
a system that's
called feng shui.
It's an art and a science that
the ancient sages brilliantly
understood how to understand,
interpret, and affect
how the Earth's environment
affects human fortune, so
mankind.
So they studied and understood
the universal laws and laws
of nature and with that
were able to interpret
how mountains, waterways,
our structures, how we orient
ourself in space actually
affects our experience.
And so there's an
umbrella, if you
will, where the
cliche of feng shui
says improve your health,
wealth, and happiness,
because they've
devised a system that
allows us to understand
how exactly to do that.
>>NOORY: Do you actually go
into houses and say, folks,
you've got to move the couch.
>>JONES: Indeed.
>>NOORY: You've got
to move the bed.
Really?
>>JONES: Absolutely.
Actually, one of my clients,
that's exactly what I did.
I went in the living
room, and I flipped it,
and I went in the
bedroom, and I flipped it.
And in less than
three weeks, she
said I haven't slept
better since I've
been here for two years.
So it's a matter of not only
looking at what the eyes see,
right?
So that's one
level of feng shui.
It's called form, and it
interprets how what we see
influences our experience.
There's another level.
It's called compass.
And actually, that's the
luo pan I use, which--
>>NOORY: Look at this, guys.
>>JONES: Yeah.
>>NOORY: I'll hold it up here.
What does this do?
>>JONES: So the luo pan,
one of its main functions
is to help me know what the
compass orientation of a space
is.
So with that, when a space
was actually constructed--
>>NOORY: You actually walk
around with this like that?
>>JONES: I do.
I do.
And with a floor plan,
these pieces of information
create what's called
an energy chart.
It's like an astrology
chart for a space.
And it reveals to
me unseen energy.
Actually, I brought a
little prop, another prop,
shall we say.
>>NOORY: Another prop.
What is this one?
>>JONES: This is a prism.
And--
>>NOORY: Heavy little thing.
>>JONES: --it was a
gift from a friend.
And I've been doing feng shui
for almost 15 years or longer.
And when I received that
a couple of years ago,
and I'm looking at this
amazing spectrum of color come
from that, there
is this realization
that by using the
objects in our space,
by using how we place
ourself in an environment,
we activate and bring
forth the unseen energy.
So we don't walk around seeing
the spectrum of color that's
all around us, right?
We use an object.
We put a prism so that
we can actually see it.
>>NOORY: And find it.
>>JONES: And it was amazing.
It was like, that's what I do.
I bring forth the
potential of a space
through how we orient ourself in
the space, how we use the five
elements that the Chinese
related everything to.
>>NOORY: How did
the ancient Chinese
find out about feng shui?
How did they know this?
>>JONES: Well, actually,
it started supposedly
with Yin House feng shui, which
is that they actually set up
a grave site in
such a dynamic way
that when their ancestors
were on the other side,
they would bless them.
And then it became
important to recognize--
I mean, if you look at the terms
"feng shui," it literally means
"wind and water."
So there's the heaven
aspect, which is wind.
And what the wind
does is it carries qi.
It carries energy.
But we need protection.
So it's not enough that the
energy is being carried.
We then want to bring in
the Earth energy, which
is the water aspect, which says
we want to contain and hold
the energy.
So human nature is to want to
be protected and to be nurtured.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>JONES: So I love
using an example
of like when we
get on an elevator.
Human nature is not to
walk on the elevator
and put our back to the door.
We naturally go in, and
we want to sit comfortably
with our back to the wall.
>>NOORY: And you very
rarely talk to anybody.
>>JONES: Well, that, too.
That we can work on at another
level, the human level of--
>>NOORY: Have you
ever noticed how
people do walk on an elevator?
They kind of move to the back--
>>JONES: Exactly.
>>NOORY: --with
their back there.
>>JONES: So that's
natural, right?
We want to be protected
>>NOORY: And that's
a natural thing.
And they just don't want to
look at the other person.
>>JONES: Unless you're
on the elevator with me.
>>NOORY: Yeah, then
I'll look at you.
>>JONES: I start talking
and welcome people.
So our environment, very much
we can reflect human nature
through the
environment where, when
we set up a home, for
example, because you
can use feng shui
to set up a site.
We like to sit it
deep, let's say,
with a mountain energy
behind us like a wall.
So we put that mountain
energy behind us.
We put a big open--
what's called
a ming tang in front of us.
It's an open space.
And that's where water
carries energy to us
so that it's life
giving, life supporting.
And as we humans align
with our intentions
and what it is we desire
to experience in life,
the ancient Chinese
have devised a system
to say feng shui is the first
tool that will positively
affect our destiny and our luck.
And in that, we can
improve the experience,
amplify the prosperity
we can experience.
And in times that
are more challenging,
we can minimize the
draw, if you will,
the lag, the drag of life.
>>NOORY: How does
somebody know to call you?
How do they know--
>>JONES: Yeah, that's
a great question.
>>NOORY: --there's
something wrong here.
We're out of balance.
>>JONES: And that's perfect.
It is about balance.
And so there are
many varying degrees.
So somebody might call
me because they're
looking to select a home.
Somebody might call
because they're
looking to actually
build a site or they're
working on a floor plan.
I've worked with many companies
where they just have a box,
and they're looking to set out
where do the offices go, where
does the main door
go, so that you
set up the energy from
the beginning correct,
but you could be somewhere
also for 10 years
and just recognize things aren't
happening the way you want.
Maybe your health
is deteriorating.
Maybe relationships
are being challenged.
There's one energy
system, for example,
that creates emotional,
legal disharmony, and when
we activate it inappropriately,
again it's an unseen energy
that we can use the
physical world to affect it,
and we can minimize its
effect or we can amplify it.
So when we don't
understand what's
happening in our environment and
we go and accidentally amplify
it, then it can trigger
unfavorable experiences.
And the system I
use allows me to see
what is it that
you're activating
and how you're activating
your environment
because everything's alive,
everything's interconnected,
and everything is
constantly changing as well.
>>NOORY: So activating
energy may not always
be the best thing, right?
>>JONES: That is correct.
Right, so--
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>JONES: Yes.
Yes.
>>NOORY: So what do you think,
in your experience, Kelly,
would be the most important
thing about feng shui
with an individual-- the
placement of his bed?
>>JONES: I would have
to back up to say--
to recognize our space
actually affects us.
I mean, when I started, it
was like my environment--
>>NOORY: And a lot of
people wouldn't know that.
>>JONES: --is
doing what-- right.
And as the years
have gone by, it's
to realize that
everything of Earth
is what clothes us, it
feeds us, it houses us,
it supports us with the
objects in our environment.
So everything around
us is the Earth energy.
So everything is influencing us.
One level that you're
actually speaking to
might be more of a psychological
aspect, too, a human level,
where we start putting on a new
pair of glasses, so to speak.
And by putting on a feng
shui pair of glasses,
we start looking at the
energetic influence and what
something says to our
hearts in our environment.
For example, I had a client
where she had flowers,
three flowers upside
down as a wedding gift.
And I just asked, what
does that mean to you?
What does that look like to you?
And she was like, oh,
very happy about it.
And I said, well, is it possible
there's a hidden relationship,
and that's looking
to be exposed?
>>NOORY: Right.
You mean like somebody else?
>>JONES: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Woo!
>>JONES: And it was real.
>>NOORY: And she
just got married?
>>JONES: It wasn't her marriage.
Thank God.
But our environment is like
the subconscious to us.
And so when we're wanting to
have different experiences
in our life, it is beneficial
to walk around our space
and ask ourselves, what
does this convey to me?
Is it really representative
of who I want to become
and who I'm intending to be?
A lot of times we
decorate our space,
and the decorations
are 5, 10 years old,
or they're not matching
our intention for today.
So at that simple
level, we can do
a lot of benefit for ourselves
without even hiring a feng shui
consultant.
>>NOORY: Have you ever gone
into a house and went whoa!
>>JONES: Oh, yes.
>>NOORY: It was just
totally topsy-turvy.
>>JONES: And the experience
of those living in it
reflected exactly what
I saw energetically.
So it's interesting when you
ask what's most important.
It really would depend on
the experience one's having.
If their health is fine,
and relationships are great,
and it's more about
prosperity, career,
what's happening at
that level, then we're
going to focus there.
It might be the front door.
It might be the living room.
It might be the kitchen.
What's happening in the living
spaces and the interaction
and the threshold between here,
let's say, and the outer world.
>>NOORY: Is the living space
the first thing you look at?
>>JONES: I actually
look at it as a whole.
I call what I do
mental gymnastics
because I'm constantly looking
at multiple layers and levels
at the same time.
So there's heaven, human, and
Earth energy, so the-- well,
that just kind of brings
me to this, for example.
So this is called Four
Pillars of Destiny.
That's one's heaven energy.
And it's the astrology
of the individual, which
to me one of the most
fascinating things with feng
shui.
And I've not seen this
in any other system--
doesn't mean it doesn't exist--
is that our birth chart has
a direct relationship
to time and space.
So based on our
astrology, I can look
at one and their environment
to see how the two overlay
and interact.
So you might be, let's
say, a front door
is activating what they call
a big consumer direction.
And that big
consumer direction is
saying you're spending
a lot of time, money,
and energy attempting
to achieve that which
could be easier,
come more gracefully,
and flow in one's life if
that door wasn't there.
>>NOORY: Do you want to
do me with my birth chart?
>>JONES: Well, actually what I
did was I brought a sample one,
so it's actually not you,
but this astrology chart,
for example, this-- well, let me
back up because most people are
used to going to a
Chinese restaurant.
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>JONES: And on the-- it's
I'm this year of the snake,
or I'm the year of a horse,
or I'm a year of something,
but it's not enough.
There's actually--
when we go deeper
into the astrology chart,
it's called the Day Master.
So every moment in time is
identified by five elements.
And that permeates feng
shui, it permeates the body,
it identifies one's
elemental makeup, structure.
So when people get
along, the elements
are communicating well.
>>NOORY: And that could
happen by accident, right?
>>JONES: Sure.
Well, what do you
mean by by accident?
>>NOORY: Well, let's say someone
is not practicing feng shui,
but everything's
working for them.
Everything's clicking along.
May they have stumbled
into the right makeup
and didn't even know it?
>>JONES: Right, right.
So the way the Chinese
speak of the five successes
of one's life is first destiny.
So it's what destiny chart
did you come in with.
Second is luck.
So to the Chinese, luck is not
about being in the right place
at the right time.
It's an overriding energy
system of which we ride through.
So those two they
say are unchangeable.
We don't change
them, but we can use
feng shui, which is the
third, to positively impact
one's destiny and luck.
So it may not change it,
but it will bring one
into greater harmony
and alignment to it.
>>NOORY: What is it about the
planet that creates this energy
to allow people to
tap into feng shui?
There's something out there.
What is it?
>>JONES: Well, there's
actually a connection
with-- it's the ladle, actually.
When we look planetarily,
interplanetarily, if you will,
that allows us to
discern time, direction.
Those two pieces of
information allow
us to create what's called
a Flying Star Chart.
It's an astrology chart.
And so those two
pieces of information
give us these unseen energetics
as to how an environment is
specifically influencing
you, let's say, versus me.
It could be different.
So we might have a different
experience in a space.
So it's not a cookie cutter.
It's not a one size fits all.
So even one's
astrology chart then
says you have a special
relationship with the space,
and what can I do to attune that
environment to you specifically
that might be different
than another person.
>>NOORY: Does this magnify
human magnetics, let's say?
I've always believed
that magnetism
is involved in everything we do.
It's not generally a piece of
metal and a piece of metal,
that it has to do with
emotion, and relationships,
and everything.
You're either magnetic
together, or you're not.
Does this enhance that?
>>JONES: So when I take
a compass measurement,
it's actually taking the
magnetic direction, which
is different, let's say,
than an architect would use.
They'd use true north
instead of magnetic north,
so it is absolutely
based on magnetics.
And we are magnetic,
electromagnetic beings.
And so we have
energy fields which
is a composite of
the five elements.
And we're in relationship
to Earth energy,
which is also a composite
of the five elements.
So it's how do the two
marry, how do they bridge,
and how do they
communicate, and how can we
best create a communication
device, if you will,
through placement, through
colors, through shapes,
through our use of
space to amplify
what it is you're intending.
So then we're bringing
in another dimension
of our beingness, which says
I want to magnetically attract
to me.
I'm now focusing in
a certain direction
to call forth this experience.
And sometimes it's interesting.
A client will call, and they're
saying they want one thing,
but there's something in
between what they want
and where they're at, and that's
the piece that gets addressed.
>>NOORY: And they may
not know what they want.
>>JONES: Exactly.
And that that's the piece
that actually gets addressed.
And once that's
aligned and shifted,
then the magnetic
attraction-- as you call it--
that they're looking to actually
call forth is available.
>>NOORY: Now, you
just cited an example.
It took a couple weeks for
someone, but it changed.
Do you see that kind of
change almost immediately?
>>JONES: Oh, it depends.
It varies all over the place.
>>NOORY: Because I'm sure
you do followups, right?
>>JONES: Oh sure.
And some people
want to-- they just
respond that it's like
everything just feels better.
Friends come over, and
it's just like they
don't know what happened.
And that's the whole,
if you will, the secret.
>>NOORY: And everybody
senses, it, right?
>>JONES: Exactly.
Exactly.
Because we're energy beings.
So we actually
sense and feel what
is happening and transpiring
around us, even if we can't put
our finger on it, even if we
can't define it or describe it,
but we experience it.
>>NOORY: You've heard
of psychic vampires.
>>JONES: Yes.
>>NOORY: People
who are negative,
they have negative energy.
They draw from you.
Could it be that their
personal feng shui--
>>JONES: Inner feng shui.
>>NOORY: --in their
body is out of whack?
>>JONES: Sure.
Sure.
I would call that
the inner feng shui.
So in a way, what we're doing
is aligning the outer feng
shui and the inner feng shui.
>>NOORY: Right.
And if you fix that, you
change their whole life.
>>JONES: And that's
where I actually look.
I call feng shui
divining the Earth.
And something else I offer
is called Akashic Records
Consultations, and that's
unearthing the divine within.
This is a very intimate
process for people, and so--
>>NOORY: Let's look at some
pictures you brought us, OK?
>>JONES: Oh, sure,
sure, that I brought.
>>NOORY: What are we
looking at here, Kelly?
>>JONES: Oh, the Tai Chi?
>>NOORY: Mm-hm.
>>JONES: The Tai Chi is
actually the yin and yang.
So it's actually what
brought meaning to life.
It gives us up and
down, right and left,
and from that, the emanation
is the five elements.
And the five elements have a
relationship with one another.
And in that relationship,
I can use them
because they represent
everything in the universe--
color, shapes, location,
time, et cetera.
>>NOORY: Ah, this is pretty.
>>JONES: There we go.
>>NOORY: A nice little setting.
>>JONES: Yes, that's--
>>NOORY: What's that got
to do with feng shui?
>>JONES: It's a
perfect representation
of a client I have in St. Bart.
And one of the form
aspects of feng shui,
we spoke about it kind
of being on an elevator.
We want a setting
whereby we have the home,
let's say, up with a
mountain behind it,
arms stretched out
in front of it,
and this vast openness to allow
the qi to come to your home.
It's beautiful.
>>NOORY: I can
feel it from here.
>>JONES: I know.
Exactly.
It's an ideal and
perfect setting.
>>NOORY: Now, what
did you do there?
Did you put those chairs there?
>>JONES: Well, I'd have
to say Gaia did that.
Gaia did the mountains, the
water, and the plant life.
So what happened was, that was
the home they were selecting.
And to me what it represented
was the perfect form feng shui
for the setting of the home.
That's it.
I didn't need--
>>NOORY: It worked well.
>>JONES: --to do anything.
Now, what's this?
>>JONES: So water to
the Chinese is money.
There's virtual water,
so pathways, roadways,
for example, and then
there's actual water.
And so the flow of water
actually is very important.
And one of the
rings on the luo pan
is a way to measure
the flow of water.
And in this case, it's
actually a location down
in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
And it's showing that water is
flowing away from the space.
So there's somebody on the
receiving end of that water
flow that's benefiting from the
prosperity that it represents.
Does that make sense?
>>NOORY: Getting there.
>>JONES: Getting there.
So let's say you have a water
fountain in your front yard.
Ideally you want the water
flowing towards you, not away
from you.
So that would be money flowing--
>>NOORY: And what if you
have a broken water fountain?
>>JONES: Then that's broken
money in a very symbolic way.
So if money is to
flow and you're
wanting the flow of
money in your life,
what direction is it flowing?
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>JONES: So it's looking at form
and using an intuitive sense
to understand what is it
saying and telling us?
Here's another example.
Stairwell.
Stairways, right?
>>NOORY: Right.
>>JONES: They say don't align
them with the front door.
Well, why?
Because they represent
virtual water.
If you were to stand at the top
and pour a glass of water down,
it's flowing--
>>NOORY: Out.
>>JONES: --out.
Exactly.
It takes a lot of energy to
bring the water up, doesn't it?
So ideally, you don't align
a staircase with the door.
It's not good feng shui.
>>NOORY: Next one,
let's take a look at it.
>>JONES: OK, this
is fascinating.
This one is one of
three, so to speak.
This is a space-- I ask for a
floor plan when I do feng shui.
And the client didn't have
one so she drew it up.
And this is what she drew up.
And when I got there, I went OK,
this doesn't match the space.
Let me look at it.
And so I remeasured
it and redrew
it, which is the next-- OK.
>>NOORY: Yes.
Totally different, by the way.
>>JONES: Very different, right?
So it's very interesting
the perception one has
of their space and the
actual space itself.
That's why oftentimes
it's easier
to have a professional come
in because they can see what
we can't see for
ourselves, right?
So then I took that
image and reoriented it.
>>NOORY: You've kind of
flipped things around.
>>JONES: I switched--
but look, it's
just changing the
orientation from a vertical
to a horizontal.
What do you see, George?
>>NOORY: It looks
like a handgun to me.
>>JONES: You got it.
That's exactly right.
Isn't that interesting?
>>NOORY: Is that good or bad?
>>JONES: Well, you tell me.
>>NOORY: I don't think you
want a gun in your place.
>>JONES: I wouldn't
want to live in a gun.
>>NOORY: Even though I'm
a supporter of guns--
>>JONES: Or work in one.
>>NOORY: --I think
people need to--
>>JONES: Fine.
>>NOORY: -- defend themselves.
But the energetics
of it is there.
And that was the point
of just looking at form.
It's like looking at the shapes.
We do well in squares
and rectangles, right?
We enjoy and work
better when we have
the full capacity of the
space available to us.
>>NOORY: What's this--
>>JONES: Oh, this is a fun one.
This was actually out
of a newspaper in China
about this gentleman who
just wouldn't move his house.
And I have a friend who
coined the term "dung shui."
so we have feng
shui, which is good,
and then we have dung shui.
>>NOORY: This is right
in the middle of a road.
>>JONES: That's a very
good example of dung shui,
what not to do, is
to have this sha.
It's called sha
qi, so energy can
be classified according
to different qualities.
And so that would
definitely be what's
called sha qi,
which is damaging--
>>NOORY: What did he do?
>>JONES: --and destructive.
>>NOORY: Dump his house
there on the road or what?
>>JONES: No, he actually
wouldn't move the house,
and the city couldn't force him.
And he finally decided at
some point the feng shui was
dung shui, and he
needed to leave.
So it's just a fun
image to show--
>>NOORY: That's
where his house was?
>>JONES: --the
stubbornness, if you will.
Well, the city built
the road around him.
>>NOORY: The road around him.
>>JONES: Yes, because
he wouldn't move.
Here's another dung shui.
>>NOORY: What's this
toilet with a door that
fits over the toilet?
>>JONES: It's just bad
form, don't you think?
I mean, you can't get in.
>>NOORY: But the
whole thing is bad.
>>JONES: It's just
really bad, right.
You can't get in,
you can't get out,
and it's just funny what we do.
>>NOORY: You don't
want to get in.
>>JONES: You don't
want to get in,
and there's certainly
no-- so, OK,
let's just even talk
what we would do.
Like let's say
that was a reality.
How about if we hung a
curtain and took the door off?
And then everybody's got to
clear the deck so that there's
privacy on the other side.
>>NOORY: I think the whole
concept is off on this one.
>>JONES: Dung shui.
>>NOORY: Yeah, it is.
>>JONES: Big time.
>>NOORY: And this
one, our last picture.
>>JONES: Ah, yes.
This is actually a client.
It's a gallery in
Asheville, North Carolina.
And it's a real
testament to the--
it's called the Mouth of Qi.
And so our entrances are
grand-- the grand invitation,
if you will, to the
external energy,
and you want to beautify them.
You want them seen and
known and recognized.
I mean, have you
ever been to a place,
and you don't know
where the front door is?
>>NOORY: Oh yeah.
>>JONES: Right.
So it's almost like the
mouth on the face, right?
We don't want it on the side.
We don't want it unfound.
We need it.
We need it to bring in the
nutrients and vitamins that
are available in
the environment.
And the one thing that
hasn't been done yet that--
because I did this
client's gallery,
is I would love to see
the awning, the awning--
>>NOORY: Something.
>>JONES: Yeah, so the
beautiful red doors
are very-- they speak to people.
So when they get to the
space, they know where to go.
>>NOORY: Kelly,
what would you say
is the largest scope
of what you do?
Changing the
environment of a house?
Working specifically
on an individual?
What is it?
>>JONES: I would say
it's a balance of homes
and businesses.
And oftentimes it's
businesses that
are looking to be-- to set up.
And then often,
because the systems
that I work with, the
other services that I offer
work hand in hand, it allows us
to work at the human and heaven
level to marry and bridge
up with the feng shui.
So we're really-- we're
not just one thing.
We're multidimensional beings.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>JONES: And so it's
about how can we
work at as many levels of our
being to create this heaven,
human, Earth alignment
within our beingness
so that we can create
the dynamic life we're
looking to have.
>>NOORY: Have you found
that interior designers need
to learn feng shui, and
they just don't know?
They don't get it?
>>JONES: Well, here's
how I speak to that.
To me, feng shui is the
precursor to any one thing
you do along the way.
So how do you place the
house on that piece of land?
Because how you orient it's
going to determine the energy
pattern in it, how you
actually architecturally
design the space.
So it's a precursor.
Why are you doing
what you're doing?
And how can you do it in a
way that the harmony, balance,
and love a space
can provide you can
be amplified so
you are benefited
by it as the client, as
the one who lives there,
works there, et cetera.
And so interior designers,
and even people,
it's like, well, I love green.
Therefore, I'm
painting this green.
It's like I'm
using this element.
It's like, well, but what
does the space ask for?
So I call it giving
a voice to our space
because our space
has something to say,
and it'll tell us what
it is that will best--
>>NOORY: Function for them?
>>JONES: Function, yeah.
That's a good word.
>>NOORY: Do you change colors?
>>JONES: I do.
Oh sure.
>>NOORY: So that's
part of it, too.
>>JONES: Colors, placement.
I mean, it sounds silly in
a way to people, or they go,
you know, well,
I understand how.
But the orientation
that we hold in a space
determines the energy
that we are greeting.
So what is the energy in
front of me, for example.
I don't see it, so I
can't put my finger on it
and say, oh, I see this.
Therefore, it's that.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>JONES: Right?
So we're working at
this other level.
So when I look at it, it's
like, well, is it prosperity?
Is it arguments, conflicts,
and legal problems?
Is it relationships?
What is that that I'm
greeting at an unseen level?
And so the placement piece
of it becomes very critical.
Sleeping in bed at night-- what
is the energy vibration there
that you're soaking in eight
hours, let's say, a night?
And how is it affecting you?
I mean, I was with a client,
and the energy was not good,
and I was surprised nobody
was actually sick yet.
And within a couple
of weeks, there
was a diagnosis
because they had--
>>NOORY: They did get sick?
>>JONES: Yes.
Yes.
>>NOORY: Is there a
science behind this?
>>JONES: It is an
art and a science.
So what they've done
is they understand
the laws of the universe.
They understand yin and yang.
They understand
the five elements.
They understand how
it comes together
and how to-- over
time, suggestions,
recommendations have been put
in place and results are shown.
>>NOORY: Have you ever
had a client fight you?
>>JONES: Oh sure.
>>NOORY: They don't
want to do this.
>>JONES: Oh yes.
>>NOORY: They're
not going to do it.
>>JONES: Oh yes.
I'm not moving anything.
I'm not changing.
>>NOORY: Why did you hire me?
>>JONES: Exactly.
That's exactly what I said.
I mean, just like, OK, I
go in with my hands tied
behind my back,
and it's like, OK.
And I'm like, all
right, well, then
we'll do what we can
because it's not about me.
So what I do is I ask four
questions-- can you, can't you,
will you, won't you?
It's up to you.
>>NOORY: I would think if
they wanted to hire you,
they'd just let you at it.
Just do your thing.
>>JONES: Well, it takes them
and their willingness to-- you
know, and when I do
feng shui, number one,
it's not about knowing
it was even done.
Number two, it's not
about what I want.
It's what you want.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>JONES: And it's what
you're willing to do
and what feels most comfortable.
>>NOORY: Is it as simple
as moving the bed?
>>JONES: It can be.
It can be as simple
as moving a bed.
>>NOORY: Is that the most
important room in the house?
The bedroom?
>>JONES: Well, if health is to
you, then the answer is yes.
>>NOORY: You spend--
>>JONES: Some people
it's not important.
>>NOORY: --seven to
eight hours a day there.
>>JONES: I agree.
I agree.
Yes, it's called
a mountain energy
that we actually protect,
try to harness in a bedroom.
And that mountain
energy is about health,
human relationships.
And so not only is
it a personal health,
the personal
relationship we have
with our own physical
beingness and with ourselves,
but it is from that which
we carry out into the world.
And so how do I communicate?
How do I relate?
Am I, you know,
sleeping irritably,
and therefore, I'm
irritable and not
in a good space emotionally or--
>>NOORY: Time to go home
and change my bedroom.
>>JONES: You seem
very pleasant, George.
>>NOORY: If people want
information about you,
Kelly, how do they find you?
>>JONES: My website is
kellysjones.net, S as in Sam.
>>NOORY: And Kelly
with a y, right?
>>JONES: Kelly with a y.
K-E-L-L-Y.
>>NOORY: All right, great.
Thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief."
>>JONES: Thank you.
Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: Who would
think that just tapping
into the planet's energy,
this universal energy,
could change you,
could affect you?
But that's what you
do with feng shui,
and that's what
Kelly S. Jones does.
Thanks for watching this
edition of "Beyond Belief."
Wait'll you hear the next
one with Kelly S. Jones.
>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC]